## STEPS TO START THE APPLICATION

1. Make sure you have installed docker and docker-compose in your computer. To do so open a terminal and type:
>> docker --version 
>> docker-compose --version 

You should see something like: 
>> Docker version 20.10.12, build e91ed57
>> docker-compose version 1.29.2, build 5becea4c

If not download the one that is missing. 

2. Download or clone the repository in your computer. 

3. Make sure that in the root folder you have a folder called "amplia" and a docker-compose. Rabbitmq and mongodb won't be necessary 
for starting the project.

4. Via terminal move to the root folder. It should be "micro-streaming-analytics". Once there type in your terminal 
>> docker-compose up --build -d

NOTE: If you have any service that is running in any of this port: 8080, 5672, 15672, 27017 consider stopping it since are necessary for 
the functioning of the application. 

5. Once the docker-compose instructions have finished you should see something like this: 
>> Creating rabbitmq ... done
>> Creating mongodb  ... done
>> Creating micro-streaming-analytics ... done

and you can check that the containers micro-streaming-analytics, mongodb and rabbitmq have been created. Via docker-desktop application or by typing in your terminal:
>> docker ps

6. You can check the database by importing the file msa_documentation to postman. 

## StatisticsAnalysis object

{
    "id": "String",
    "timestamp": "String",
    "datastreamsAnalysis": [
        {
            "datastreamId": "String",
            "datastreamFeed": "String",
            "collectedValues": [Integer],
            "media": double,
            "mediana": double,
            "moda": [Integer],
            "desviacionEstandar":double,
            "cuartiles": {
                "Q1": double,
                "Q2": double,
                "Q3": double
            },
            "maxValue": Integer,
            "minValue": Integer
        }
    ]
}

- id: Autogenerated mongo identifier
- timestamp: moment where the analysis was made
- datastreamAnalysis: Array of DatastreamAnalysis objects
    - datastreamId: Identifier of the datastream 
    - datastreamFeed: Feed where the datastream was generated
    - collectedValues: All values collected in the datastream
    - media: Mean of all values
    - mediana: Median of all values
    - desviacionEstandar: Standard deviation
    - cuartiles: Quartiles
    - maxValues: Highest value
    - minValue: Lowest value